--User Stories--
Format: As a WHO, I want WHAT so that WHY

Overall:
As a student, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can order food by making an informed decision based on the description.
As a user I want to be able to see nutrition information about all food options so I can easily know that information
As a user I want to see a picture of all food options so I can see what they look like
As a user I want to be able to see a price for all food options.
As a user I want to be able to order from any dining option at any time so I'm not restricted in my ordering by what time it is.
As a worker, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can quickly put something out of stock and close the store on time and give a reason
As a student I want to be able to see my account including how many swipes I have left and how much money on dining dollars I have so I know if I can order
As a general user, I want a simple layout, so that I can figure out how to use the app easily.
As a general user, I want a help button, so that I can see FAQs or general tips on how to navigate the app.
As a blind user, I want text readout, so that I can access the app without being able to see.
As a user I want to be able order with a credit card so I have additional options for purchasing.
As a user I want to be able to review my order to give feedback.
As a user I want all food options at a location to be available to order using this app.
As a student, I want a "meals" section, so that I can quickly order my favorite meals.



Brian's
As a student, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can order food by making an informed decision based on the description.
As a student, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can order everything on the menu remotely and pick it up when it is ready.
As a worker, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can quickly put something out of stock and close the store on time.
As a manager, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can track what is most popular for stocking and restocking orders.
As a student, I want a mobile ordering app so that I can see why a food option is closed and when the expectation is that it reopens.
As an administrator, I want stats so that I can see what food options are the most popular and where to put funding and resoruces to.

Luke's
As a user I want to be able to login to my roanoke acccount so I can use my meal plan and save preferences.
As a user I want to be able to order from any dining option at any time so I'm not restricted in my ordering by what time it is.
As a user I want to be able to see nutrition information about all food options so I can easily know that information
As a user I want to see a picture of all food options so I can see what they look like
As a user I want all food options at a location to be available to order using this app
As a user I want to be able to select favorite items to make ordering in the future easier
As a user I want to be able to easily navigate to different types of foods so I don't have to scroll a long way
As a restarant employee I want it to accurately regulate how many orders can be made for a given timeframe
As a user I want the app to release my order at a time appropriate for getting it done at the desired time so it doesn't get cold or I have to wait

Sonny's
As a student user, I want easy to read text so that I can read my options easier.
As a student user, I want descriptive images of my food so that I can pick what I want faster.
As a staff user, I want to be able to update the menu quickly so that any changes made can get out to the students faster.
As a student user, I want a remeber order feature so that I can get my food without having to always reorder everything.
As a student user, I want to be able to select multiple of the same item without needing to find it each time so that i can order multiple of the same item.
As a student user, I want to see a price tracker so that I know how much I am spending as I palce my order.
As a staff user, I want to be able to sort orders by time recieved so that we can mkae sure that the orders get done in a timely manner.
As a student user, I want to be able to see a full menu whenerver I want so that I can decide if I want to order on app or go to commons.
As a student user, I want allergen allerts on the items that contain allergens so that I will not die.
As a student user, I want dietary information avaialable for the food items so that I can count my daily intakes.
As a student user, I want a notification that my order has been recieved and when it is being prepared so that I know my food will be ready when I arrive.
As a staff user, I want to be able to see orders clearly and consicely so that In can begin preperation faster and know what the order is.

Davis's
Administrator: 
ability to add new items easily and in the right spot.
might hit buttons like: add new item, (section or food), which section, picture, description price. - might not solve bad description problem. makes 
changing app easy, so that when changes are made the app reflects them. 

ability to take away items or sections or tweak them easily. - So that everyone knows precicesly what will be offered. 

should be able to make comments on reviews. 


User: 
ability to reorder orders placed before - makes ordering easier

all items offered in store should be on the app - users can get what they want

Ability to order more than two swipes worth of food - someone may be hungry, or swiping out. 

rating system for each item, users rate how the food was after each order. - users can easily see what others do and do not like

order done message should not appear until all pieces of the order are finished. - keeps users from wondering where their food is, or if someone 
forgot their meal. 


Anyone:

review sectoion that anyone can see. - makes deciding what to order easier and helps administrators change items to be in line with what the people want


Dee's
As an admin, I want permissions to edit, so that I can add/remove menu items.
As an admin, I want orders to not be able to go through if the user has insufficient funds, so that no meals are not paid for.

As a student, I want a "meals" section, so that I can quickly order my favorite meals.
As a student, I want a "pre-order" section, so that I can order food for specific times/dates ahead of time.

As a general user, I want a simple layout, so that I can figure out how to use the app easily.
As a general user, I want a help button, so that I can see FAQs or general tips on how to navigate the app.
As a blind user, I want text readout, so that I can access the app without being able to see.

As a store manager, I want to be able to close the store, so that orders will not be put in for non-business hours.
